updated-TDA-Page (#4258)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/teacher-degree-apprenticeships.md

* University of Nottingham
* University of Wolverhampton
* Xavier Teach Southeast, in partnership with the University of Sussex
* University of Derby

> To view all courses for the TDA in secondary maths, please visit [Find Teacher Training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/results?age_group=secondary&applications_open=true&can_sponsor_visa=false&has_vacancies=true&l=2&university_degree_status=false&visa_status=false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view all courses for the TDA in secondary maths, please visit [Find Teacher Training](https://www.gov.uk/find-teacher-training-courses).
```

## Who’s eligible to apply for a teacher degree apprenticeship?
Teacher degree apprenticeships will be open to anyone who would like to gain a degree and become a qualified teacher. This includes, but is not limited to, teaching assistants, school leavers or people looking to change careers.

To be eligible to apply for a teacher degree apprenticeship you’ll need the following qualifications:

* GCSEs at grade 4 (C) or above in English and maths (and science if you want to teach primary)
* A levels - the number of A levels or equivalent qualifications required will be set by individual universities

You also need to be:

* a resident of England for the last 3 years or more
* age 16 years or over 

## How to apply for a teacher degree apprenticeship 

> Courses for new teaching apprenticeships are expected to will be published on [Find Teacher Training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) between October 2024 and September 2025, with training due to start in autumn 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Courses for new teaching apprenticeships will be published on [Find Teacher Training](https://find-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/) between October 2024 and September 2025, with training due to start in autumn 2025.
```
